the reason I've come to Senegal with
Oxfam is to shed light on the current
see heal food crisis that's going on in
West Africa we're at a moment now that
is actually the stage in which we could
help people for the most if we empower
people now we can prevent a terrible
crisis it's incredibly greens I think at
first there's no grass here so that
looks very green how is it so that
everyone is in a really desperate
situation of malnutrition so you love
them I mean a lot of them in here
Timon and Camilla Moret a rainbow go
born on earth did you wanna vote on the
Fatah Itamar Hindu calendar
tilma give a party days or who's there
what's children of earth in such severe
malnutrition is incredibly hard for aid
to come to pull them out of that
so we it's a bring light to the
situation to help people like we just
spoke to a farmer now who last year lost
all his crop to the floods and then half
was forced to go and work in the mines
which is the first time he's ever had to
do that I'm in order to provide for his
family they still really understand the
importance of education they think
that's the only way in which they can
pull their children out of the the cycle
that they've been living in we do get a
nunnery
yeah but hey give me about FEMA in full
uncut Accardo one years old
come with me hello convicted of an enemy
of assessing me you will come be aware
coroner says the way the box and works
here is actually through cash transfers
with that cash transfer they can then
use that for feeding maybe a small
amount now for their children or for
health and then also planting seeds
they had children have any current
health problem is that they're suffering
the only bottom line nothing don't agree
so they're able to spend that in the way
that they need rather than giving food
directly it gives much more longevity so
I really hope the Oxfam I you know
enabled by people's donations to
continue with these cash transfers I
mean yeah within the village how do they
sort of manage or know who's suffering
more than others
Oh soon you can get weirder I Love Lucy
what did you use knowing that this food
crisis is ever developing now right now
it's these moments that are really
important this is the money that could
be helping them in their sort of weakest
time
you